Licensee's use of this software is conditioned upon acceptance of the
following terms:

MARCONI CHAIN END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT


THIS "SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT" ("AGREEMENT") IS BINDING ON THE USER
UPON USE OF THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED WITH THIS AGREEMENT (THE
"SOFTWARE"), OR USE OF ANY AUTHORIZATION CODE PROVIDED BY MARCONI. YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE
BOUND BY ITS TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY AUTHORIZATION CODE.

1. License Grant.
Marconi (the "Licensor") grants you (the "Licensee") a free,
non-exclusive, perpetual license to use the Software and any
documentation files pertaining to the Software ("Documentation"). The
Software covered under this Agreement is comprised of the contents of
the Marconi Chain software package, including any source code and any
executable programs such as geth, meth, and their platform-specific
variants, and any associated configuration and data files used by the
programs.

2. Confidentiality.
You agree to maintain the confidentiality of Software and
Documentation. You will not disclose Software or Documentation, or any
information or materials related thereto, to any third party without
the express written consent of Marconi. You further agree to take all
reasonable measures to limit access to Software and Documentation only
to those of your employees who reasonably require such access to
perform their employment obligations and who are bound by
confidentiality agreements with you (in order to maintain the
confidentiality of Software and Documentation).

3. Trademarks
This Agreement does not grant you permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of Marconi or any Marconi
Agent or Affiliate, except as required for reasonable and customary
use in describing the origin of the Software.

4. No Warranty.
The Software is provided on an "AS IS" BASIS. To the extent permitted
by applicable laws, Marconi provides the Software WITHOUT WARRANTIES
OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied including any
warranties of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Marconi does not warrant that the functions
contained in the Software will meet any requirements or needs of the
Licensor, or that the Software will operate error free, or in an
uninterrupted fashion, or that any defects or errors in the Software
will be corrected, or that the Software is compatible with any
particular platform.

5. Limitation of Liability.
To the extent not prohibited by applicable laws, in no event shall
Marconi be liable to you or any third party for any incidental or
consequential damages (including, without limitation, indirect,
special, punitive or exemplary damages for loss of business, loss of
profits, business interruption or loss of business information, loss
of network connectivity, operation, or configuration, or loss of any
configuration data or network operation data) arising out of or
related to the use of or the inability to use the Software, or for any
claim by any other party, even if advised of the possibility of such
damages.

6. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.
You may redistribute the Software or derivative works thereof, and may
choose to offer support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability
obligations and/or rights consistent with this Agreement. However, in
accepting such obligations, you act only on your own behalf and sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other contributor. You agree to
indemnify, defend, and hold each Licensor and contributor harmless for
any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such
contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or
additional liability.

7. Export Restrictions.
You may not export the Software and Documentation in violation of
applicable laws and regulations.

8. Governing Law
The Agreement and any dispute relating thereto will be governed by the
laws of the State of California.

9. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding any
and all prior agreements, understandings, and discussions. No
alteration or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless
consented to by both parties.

10. Notices
Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if you
desire to contact Marconi for any reason, please write to:

legal@marconi.org
